README.md, before:

  <div align="center">
<div align="center" id="user-content-banner" dir="auto">
   <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow"><img width="502" alt="banner simon" src="https://i.imgur.com/M94tas0.png"></a>
</div>

  # Tide Seeker Surf Guide
 #### Created by Jack Heimburge
  ### [OPEN TIDE SEEKER](https://tide-seeker-1959079ff47b.herokuapp.com/)

 
  [![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@jackheimburge-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=black)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jackheimburge/)
  [![!GitHub Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@jackheimburge-red?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black)](https://github.com/centipedejam)
  </div>


## :surfer: Description

Tide Seeker is the Ultimate Surf Guide on the internet. You can seamlisly view Surf spots around the world!

View sessions of other users to see recent conditions at your favorite surf spots!

Add your own sessions with photos to share with the world!

See important details and info about surf spots!

https://trello.com/b/QUlTURQZ/project-2

## :camera_flash: Screenshots 

  |   Description | Screenshot | 
  |:-------------:| -----------|
  | <h3>Landing Page</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/8Uetvp9.png">
  | <h3>Spot Index</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Wi4hXau.png">
  | <h3>Show Spot</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Ui9357b.png">
  | <h3>Session Index</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/uHmcRPT.png">
  | <h3>Add Spot</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/of4zNrc.png">
  | <h3>Edit Session</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/YxAWDrf.png">

## :computer: Technologies Used

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)


## :white_check_mark: Next Steps

- [ ] Upload local image files
- [ ] View your created sessions
- [ ] View your favorite spots
- [ ] Add filters and sort


</details>

Commit message:

refactor and fix bug with viewing user sessions

README.md, after:

  <div align="center">
<div align="center" id="user-content-banner" dir="auto">
   <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow"><img width="502" alt="banner simon" src="https://i.imgur.com/M94tas0.png"></a>
</div>

  # Tide Seeker Surf Guide
 #### Created by Jack Heimburge
  ### [OPEN TIDE SEEKER](https://tide-seeker-1959079ff47b.herokuapp.com/)

 
  [![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@jackheimburge-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=black)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jackheimburge/)
  [![!GitHub Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@jackheimburge-red?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black)](https://github.com/centipedejam)
  </div>


## :surfer: Description

Tide Seeker is the Ultimate Surf Guide on the internet. You can seamlisly view Surf spots around the world!

View sessions of other users to see recent conditions at your favorite surf spots!

Add your own sessions with photos to share with the world!

See important details and info about surf spots!

https://trello.com/b/QUlTURQZ/project-2

## :camera_flash: Screenshots 

  |   Description | Screenshot | 
  |:-------------:| -----------|
  | <h3>Landing Page</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/8Uetvp9.png">
  | <h3>Spot Index</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Wi4hXau.png">
  | <h3>Show Spot</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Ui9357b.png">
  | <h3>Session Index</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/uHmcRPT.png">
  | <h3>Add Spot</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/of4zNrc.png">
  | <h3>Edit Session</h3> | <img src="https://i.imgur.com/YxAWDrf.png">

## :computer: Technologies Used

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)


## :white_check_mark: Next Steps

- ✅ User can view their sessions
- [ ] Local Image Upload
- [ ] Save and View favorite spots
- [ ] Add filters and sort


</details>
